What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A git repository is created when a repository is initialized. The repositiory is needed as 
it has the ability to track the state of the files currently in the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is where one can determine what files/items are ready for commit, 
as not all files may need to be committed as that time. The working directory shows what is not considered for committing,
or in other words what is still being worked on. The value is being able to have control over how one wants to think about,
saving changes and tracking items in their repositiory. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

The staging area will give you an opportunity to assess what make logial sense to commit before 
actually confirming those changes. By handp-picking the files/items to include in the staging there
is way more control and certainty.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A situation could be when I, the programmer, would like to implement a new feature or add to the base code. 
I would not want to tamper with the master branch generally, so using another branch can really organize how i make changes
in my project and when i go into my commit history i can get a better idea of what type of changes were made from commit
to commit.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams are key visuals to understand how commit history is effected depending on where you
create new commits or branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result is merging two branches together allows for the changes made in one branch to be connected to another branch
(ideally the master branch). It is represented in the diagram in that particular way to illustrate what could happen in situations where
branching isnt used effectively/correctly.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging will help when it is generally for certain that no sections of code are conflicted, which coudld cause issues, 
especially where one is merging too the main branch. Merging manually can be a precaution or even step back into what portion of the code
is best for the final version.